Add OneAgent enrichment (#21)
dynatrace-oss/opentelemetry-metric-dotnet: README.md

testCounter.Add(defaultContext, 100, meter.GetLabelSet(labels));
```

Optionally, it is possible to set additional properties on the `DynatraceExporterOptions` object:

```csharp
var options = new DynatraceExporterOptions
{
    // If URL and API token are not provided, the exporter will try to send metrics to the default OneAgent endpoint.
    // However, it is also possible to specify Url and ApiToken here.

    // *** Additional (optional) parameters: ***

>     // A prefix that will be prepended to each exported metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // A prefix that will be prepended to each exported metric name.
```

    Prefix = "dynatrace.opentelemetry",

    // Default dimensions are added to each exported metric as "key=value" pairs.
    DefaultDimensions = new List<KeyValuePair<string, string>>{
        new KeyValuePair<string, string>("key1", "value1"),
        new KeyValuePair<string, string>("key2", "value2"),
    },

>     // If a OneAgent is running on the same host as the application, it is possible to add host-specific data as dimensions automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // If a OneAgent is running on the same host as the application, it is possible to add host- and process-specific data as dimensions automatically.
```

    OneAgentMetadataEnrichment = true,
};
```

A full setup is provided in our [example project](src/Examples.Console), which reads the parameters `url` and `apiToken` from the command line arguments.
By default, it tries to connect to a local OneAgent endpoint which requires no authentication.

### Configuration

The exporter allows for configuring the following settings using the `DynatraceExporterOptions` object passed to the constructor:

#### Dynatrace API Endpoint

If a OneAgent is installed on the host, it can provide a local endpoint for providing metrics directly without the need for an API token.

> This feature is currently in an Early Adopter phase and has to be enabled as described in the [OneAgent metric API documentation](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/metrics/metric-ingestion/ingestion-methods/local-api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature can be enabled as described in the [OneAgent metric API documentation](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/metrics/metric-ingestion/ingestion-methods/local-api/).
```

Using the local API endpoint, the host ID and host name context are automatically added to each metric as dimensions.

> The default metric API endpoint exposed by the OneAgent is `http://localhost:14499/metrics/ingest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Implementation detail, not relevant to users.

Alternatively, it is possible to specify the endpoint to which the metrics are sent using the `Url` property.
The metrics ingest endpoint URL looks like:

- `https://{your-environment-id}.live.dynatrace.com/api/v2/metrics/ingest` on SaaS deployments.
- `https://{your-domain}/e/{your-environment-id}/api/v2/metrics/ingest` on managed deployments.

#### Dynatrace API Token

> The Dynatrace API token to be used by the exporter is specified using the `ApiToken` property and could, for example, be read from an environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If metrics are not sent to the local OneAgent endpoint but directly to a Dynatrace server, an API token has to be provided.
The Dynatrace API token to be used by the exporter is specified using the `ApiToken` property and could, for example, be read from an environment variable.
```

The `Prefix` property specifies an optional prefix, which is prepended to each metric key, separated by a dot (`<prefix>.<namespace>.<name>`).

#### Default Dimensions

The `DefaultDimensions` property can be used to optionally specify a list of key/value pairs, which will be added as additional dimensions to all data points.

#### OneAgent metadata enrichment

> If the `OneAgentMetadataEnrichment` property is set to true, the exporter attempts to [read metadata from a file](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/metrics/metric-ingestion/ingestion-methods/enrich-metrics/).
> Metadata read that way will be added as dimensions to all exported metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `OneAgentMetadataEnrichment` property is set to true, the exporter will retrieve host and process metadata from the OneAgent, if available, and set it as dimensions to all exported metrics.
More information on the underlying feature used by the exporter can be found in
the [Dynatrace documentation](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/metrics/metric-ingestion/ingestion-methods/enrich-metrics/).
```

> ### Known issues and limitations

Reviewer: Are these still applicable?

Author: Seems to still be true, I did not find a way to distinguish between the two. There are only sums, I think this is something that has to be changed in the SDK.
